1) BTRFS filesystems do not need to be checked for errors as they are resilient to data corruption. True or False?
    false

2) Which of the following describes a computer that is used to access an iSCSI hard disk across the network?
    iSCSI initiator

3) You want to view log files to get information about a problem that occurred during a Linux installation. In which directory will you likely find the log files?
    /var/log

4) Which of the following RAID levels is not fault tolerant?
     RAID 0 	

5) Which command can you use during a system rescue to switch from the root of the live OS to the root of the Linux system installed on the hard disk?
    chroot

6) Which of the following is not a type of RAID?
    serial RAID 	

7) When configuring a virtual hard disk file, which term refers to the feature that allows the virtual hard disk file to expand dynamically as space is requested by the guest operating system?
    thin provisioning

8) DM-MPIO can be configured to provide multiple, redundant connections to data stored on a SAN. True or False?
    false

9) What component of a Linux server is used to connect to a Fibre Channel SAN?
    FC HBA

10) Which type of RAID can be entirely configured during the Linux installation process?
    software RAID

11) What command can be used to create a ZFS volume called test from the space on /dev/sdb and /dev/sdc that functions like RAID level 1?
    zpool create test mirror /dev/sdb /dev/sdc

12) To which directory will the test ZFS volume from the previous question be mounted by the ZFS system?
    /test

13) Linux servers are typically installed in a rack using rackmount server hardware. Which of the following describes the minimum height of a rackmount server?
    U1

14) Which of the following commands can quickly determine whether your network hardware was detected properly following a Linux installation?
    lshw -class network

15) ZFS volumes are mounted at boot time from entries within /etc/fstab by default. True or False?
    false

16) Which of the following could result in a segmentation fault (fatal signal 11) during a Fedora installation?
     RAM problems 	
	 overclocked CPU 	
     faulty hardware components 

 17) When viewing the output of the lsmod command, you notice several modules that start with vmw. What does this indicate?
    Linux is running as a guest operating system

18) What type of redundant storage configuration is most common for hosting the operating system and applications on a server?
    RAID 1

19) Where is the /proc filesystem stored?
    in RAM

20) Which of the following commands can be used on a modern Linux system to view hardware information that was captured at the beginning of the boot process?
    journalctl -k


